[Applause]
[Music]
Hallett and I and this edit I have
written more cookbooks been maryberry
Bunji Garlin monsieur cyphre say I'm
looking for a zingy taste and a flavor
some topping I miss goodness can you do
that I'm mr. Koopman if you were to give
me a platform and watch your meatloaf I
see this bread and I have certain
expertise in this salad area today
Oh contestants are coming and they're
gonna join the extruding Coco losing
team will have the cover of today we are
using curriculum cucumber coordinating
charity not prefix ports mathematical
cube van
he cuts the colorful coordinating cherry
tomatoes in half let's chop the
scrumptious cucumber into family sizes
let's put weights we didn't lean top of
your thoughts next mix up all our
interesting ingredients to make my
splendid this bag salad then press the
delicious delightful dressing with
luxurious lemon and a glug of olive oil
[Music]
now you can enjoy this endless eating
these irresistible ingredients let off
an exquisite burst of flavor to ensure
you have energy for the rest of the day
[Music]
the flavor is exquisite I give this a 10
out of 10 I give it a 10
oh no sorry a 1000 winners
well the competition wasn't that hard
well I think it's unfair as a one winner
should be no it's me me well if you
think that into the cupboard of do
[Music]
you